overlay vm migration doc (#1066)
harvester/docs: docs/vm/live-migration.md

By default, the keepalive interval is set to 5 seconds, and the retry count is set to 5. Given these default values, the migration process is aborted if the connection is inactive for 30 seconds. However, the migration may fail earlier or later, depending on the actual cluster conditions.

#### Overlay VM Migration

> As of v1.9.0, VMs using Kube OVN Overlay Networks can be live migrated with almost no or less than 0.5 seconds of traffic loss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v1.9.0, virtual machines using Kube-OVN overlay networks can be live migrated with less than 0.5 seconds of network traffic disruption.
```

Follow the procedure in [Starting a Migration](#starting-a-migration) to migrate overlay VMs.

> For more details, refer to [Kube-OVN Live Migration](https://kube-ovn.readthedocs.io/zh-cn/stable/en/kubevirt/live-migration/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For information about migrating overlay virtual machines, see [Starting a Migration](#starting-a-migration). For architectural details, see [Live Migration](https://kube-ovn.readthedocs.io/zh-cn/stable/en/kubevirt/live-migration/) in the Kube-OVN documentation.
```
